chore: add totp pairing flow documentation (#582)
MetaMask/metamask-desktop: docs/totp-pairing-flow.md

# TOTP Pairing Flow

## Diagram

Here is a simple flow chart using [mermaid](https://mermaid.live/):

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
 autonumber
    actor User
    participant MME as MetaMask-Extension (MME)
    participant MMD as MetaMask-Desktop (MMD)
    User->>MME: "Enable Desktop App" button clicked
        MME->>MMD: start a limited connection
        activate MMD
        Note over MME,MMD: - Create WebSocket<br/>- Encrypt Stream<br/>- Perform Handshake
        MMD->>MME: return connection established
        deactivate MMD
        Note over MME: Generates TOTP
    MME->>User: display Pairing Page to the user
    User->>MMD: submit TOTP (6 digits) displayed in the MME

>     MMD->>MME: send TOTP to MME

Reviewer: For the arrows, do we really need to include the destination like `MME` if the diagram is illustrating that for us?

Author: Good point, I don't think so. I changed it for simplicity.

>     Note over MME: Validate TOTP<br>Create Pairing Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note over MME: - Validate TOTP<br/>- Create Pairing Key
```

>     MME->>MME: save the hash of the pairing key<br> and enable desktop app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note over MME: - Save the pairing key hash<br/>- Enable desktop app
```

    MME->>MMD: send pairing key
    MMD->>MMD: save pairing key<br>enable desktop
    MME->>MMD: transfer/sync state
    Note over MME: Restart to run the background<br> process in the MMD
    

```

## Overview

All starts on the MetaMask extension side whenever a user clicks `Enable Desktop App` in Settings>Experimental.

> The MetaMask extension connects via [WebSockets](./encryption.md#communication) with the desktop app and once the streams are created and the handshake performed a 6 digits TOTP using `SHA1` refreshed every 30 seconds and provided by [OTPAuth](https://github.com/hectorm/otpauth) is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MetaMask extension connects with the desktop app via [WebSockets](./encryption.md#communication). Once the streams are created and the handshake is completed, a 6 digit TOTP is displayed.

The `SHA1` based TOTP is refreshed every 30 seconds and is generated by [OTPAuth](https://github.com/hectorm/otpauth).
```

Every 5 TOTP attempts the secret is renewed.

> The user submits the 6 digits and once [TOTP is validated](../packages/common/src/pairing.ts) by the MetaMask Extension a pairing key is generated using AES-GCM with a 256-bit, send to the desktop app alongside a boolean to enable desktop and saved the pairing key hash into the Metamask extension. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the user enters the 6 digits and the TOTP is [validated](../packages/common/src/pairing.ts) by the MetaMask extension:

- A pairing key is generated and sent to MetaMask Desktop.
- Desktop mode is enabled in the extension.
- The hash of the pairing key is saved in the extension state.
```

> After the pairing is concluded whenever the connection starts the extension waits for the desktop pairing key, hashes it and checks if it matches with the hash of the pairing key stored in the extension before establishing the connection and syncing the state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the pairing is completed, whenever a new connection occurs, the extension waits for the desktop pairing key, hashes it, and checks if it matches the stored hash before establishing the authorised connection and syncing the state.
```

> Once the connection is active, the state is constantly synced between the desktop app and the extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the authorised connection is active, the state is continuously synchronised between MetaMask Desktop and the MetaMask extension whenever the persisted state is updated.
```
